portfolio.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

These are some of my projects that are not related to university or work (in chronological order on the date I started working on them).

## :skull: 10Rooms

10Rooms is a **Python arcade** in which the player must collect rubies in a haunted house without being touched by skeletons and ghosts.

[![Game Preview of 10Rooms](/assets/images/10rooms.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYq24Nk26o)

This is a small project I made while reading [Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python](https://www.amazon.com/Invent-Your-Computer-Games-Python/dp/1593277954), a book I suggest to all people who want to improve their knowledge of Python and programming with computer games.

I've also drawn the sprites for this project!

### :link: Links

|[Itch.io](https://nicolafan.itch.io/10rooms)|[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYq24Nk26o)|

## :soccer: PyLeague Soccer Simulation

PyLeague is a **software simulation of a soccer championship** developed using Python.

![Standings screen of Pyleague](/assets/images/pyleague.png)

The goal of PyLeague is to provide the simulation of the course of one season in a realistical league (such as Lega A).

### :link: Links

|[GitHub](https://github.com/nicolafan/pyleague-soccer-simulation)|

## :spades: Pyker

Pyker is a **Desktop Poker Texas Hold'Em** game made with Python and Pygame!

![Pyker game screen](/assets/images/pyker.png)

I've developed this game because I wanted to challenge myself with the implementation of a poker AI. Right now the game has the simplest possible AI for the bots: they just play randomly. I hope to implement different techniques in the future for making the bots "intelligent".

The implementation of the game and the interface should be finished, but I wish to refactor the code and to add tests in the future.

### :link: Links

|[GitHub](https://github.com/nicolafan/pyker)|

Commit message:

Update portfolio with new project

portfolio.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

These are some of my projects that are not related to university or work (in chronological order on the date I started working on them).

## :camera: Image Captioning with CNN and RNN
A Tensorflow/Keras implementation of the model proposed in the 2015 paper ["Show and tell: A neural image caption generator."](https://arxiv.org/abs/1411.4555).

![image-captioning-cnn-rnn training diagram](/assets/images/training_model.png)

This implementation is easily editable to compare different model architectures and comprehends different stages of the process of training an image captioning model, from the creation of the TFRecords to access the images and the ground truth, to the visualization of the results and evaluation of the model using the BLEU metrics.

### :link: Links

|[GitHub](https://github.com/nicolafan/image-captioning-cnn-rnn)|

## :skull: 10Rooms

10Rooms is a **Python arcade** in which the player must collect rubies in a haunted house without being touched by skeletons and ghosts.

[![Game Preview of 10Rooms](/assets/images/10rooms.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYq24Nk26o)

This is a small project I made while reading [Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python](https://www.amazon.com/Invent-Your-Computer-Games-Python/dp/1593277954), a book I suggest to all people who want to improve their knowledge of Python and programming with computer games.

I've also drawn the sprites for this project!

### :link: Links

|[Itch.io](https://nicolafan.itch.io/10rooms)|[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYq24Nk26o)|

## :soccer: PyLeague Soccer Simulation

PyLeague is a **software simulation of a soccer championship** developed using Python.

![Standings screen of Pyleague](/assets/images/pyleague.png)

The goal of PyLeague is to provide the simulation of the course of one season in a realistical league (such as Lega A).

### :link: Links

|[GitHub](https://github.com/nicolafan/pyleague-soccer-simulation)|

## :spades: Pyker

Pyker is a **Desktop Poker Texas Hold'Em** game made with Python and Pygame!

![Pyker game screen](/assets/images/pyker.png)

I've developed this game because I wanted to challenge myself with the implementation of a poker AI. Right now the game has the simplest possible AI for the bots: they just play randomly. I hope to implement different techniques in the future for making the bots "intelligent".

The implementation of the game and the interface should be finished, but I wish to refactor the code and to add tests in the future.

### :link: Links

|[GitHub](https://github.com/nicolafan/pyker)|
